## Build Setup

First, we can install dependencies using Yarn or NPM
```bash
$ yarn install
```
or
```bash
$ npm install
```

<br/>
<br/>

Then, for DEV purposes we can launch a local server that will provide our web application. Bare in mind that this is the DEV version, so it will include sourcemaps, it will not be minified and, overall, won't be optimized regarding its size and performance. What's more, it has hotreload enabled for any file that's changed within the directory.
```bash
$ yarn dev
```
or
```bash
$ npm run dev
```

<br/>
<br/>

On the other hand, if you want to compile the optimized version, you may run:
```bash
$ yarn build
$ yarn start
```
or
```bash
$ npm run build
$ npm run start
```
You would want to run those on whatever server you are hosting the web-app on.

<br/>
<br/>

Finally, you can generate the static files for the web-app in case you would like to just host that (instead of having a web-serving process running somewhere). Like so:
```bash
$ yarn generate
```
or
```bash
$ npm run generate
```
You'll find the static files generated by that command on the directory "/dist" under the root directory.

<br/>
<br/>

For detailed explanation on how Nuxt works, check out [Nuxt.js docs](https://nuxtjs.org).

## Unit Testing

For Unit Testing we are using Jest and the vue-test-utils library to assert behaviour and template renderization is what we expect.
To run them, simply issue
```bash
$ yarn test
```
or
```bash
$ npm run test
```
on the root directory.

## Considerations

- I'm using a library called `nuxt-vuex-localstorage` which allows to save the application's state within the localStorage. For this app I'm just saving the reminders, not all state. Meaning that after refreshing the page, you will still have your reminders. You will also see them across browser tabs. They will be removed only if you clear your cache for the application (which can be done from the browser's tools)
- I've added the possibility to get the weather either in Celsius Units or Fahrenheit units
- For optimization purposes, daily weather forecasts are stored in the state of the application. Meaning that after fetching the weather for, say, Berlin the first time... it will not re-fetch again each time you want to see the weather for that same city. The weather forecasts are saved by city. This is also helpful when using the same city across multiple reminders. This state does get reset when refreshing the page though. And also gets refreshed when switching from Fahrenheit to Celsisus or viceversa. For hourly weather forecasts (these are available if you set a reminder any date/time between current date/time and 48 hours onwards), we are not caching anything. I considered that hourly forecasts may update often, but daily forecasts probably won't. This is all business logic though and, in a real case scenario, we would decide depending upon a lot of factors regarding how the app is used, when and what should be cached and what shouldn't. The general idea here was to demostrate how would a cache implementation work using Vuex's store system.
- As we are using the free plan of [OpenWeather](https://openweathermap.org/)'s API, the weather data we can get is limited to:
- - Daily forecasts: Any date/time between today and 7 days onwards.
- - Hourly forecasts: Any date/time between today and 48 hours onwards.
- - That's why if you add a reminder on an older date than today or a later date than the next 7 days, the application will show no data available.
- The whole application is based on user's timezone. No UTC. If date/time is changed on the user's machine or user's browser, it will be reflected on the application.
- Because of time constraints I was not able to add the Bonus objective *"Expand the calendar to support more than the current month."* . Considering that the calendar and everything about the reminders get built dinamically (except for a couple of small things) adding that feature should be pretty easy. If needed, given a little bit more time, I could add that.